readme.md, before:

﻿# SuperSafeBank 

[![SuperSafeBank](https://circleci.com/gh/mizrael/SuperSafeBank.svg?style=shield)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/mizrael/SuperSafeBank)

This repository shows how to implement Event Sourcing, CQRS and DDD in .NET Core, using a Bank as example.

The code has been used as example accompaining a few series of articles on [my personal blog](https://www.davidguida.net): 
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-in-net-core-part-1-a-gentle-introduction/
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-on-azure-part-1-architecture-plan/

An ASP.NET Core API is used as entry-point for all the client-facing operations:
- create customers
- create accounts
- deposit money
- withdraw money

## Infrastructure
The Cloud can be hosted on Azure, using Azure Functions, [Storage Table](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-ca/services/storage/tables/?WT.mc_id=DOP-MVP-5003878) to persist Events and Materialized Views, and [ServiceBus](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-messaging-overview?WT.mc_id=DOP-MVP-5003878) to broadcast the Events.

An "on-premise" version is available as well, which uses
- [EventStore](https://eventstore.com/) to keep track of all the events
- Kafka to broadcast the integration events
- MongoDb to store the QueryModels used by the API

The on-premise infrastructure can be spin up by simply running `docker-compose up` from the root folder. 

## Give a Star! ⭐️
Did you like this project? Give it a star, fork it, send me a PR or sponsor me!

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit 2ab53a3ed6506f58f202b4b0c87ffdb8ebd42d8b
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 22:09:12 2023 -0400

    minor fixes

commit 6f63ee393deadbe05c371238a0d9c423dd224583
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 21:55:21 2023 -0400

    added more links

commit 960a9fad178ae00cc8b3861678212b455ed65622
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 21:55:14 2023 -0400

    updated config

commit 2686011847f3c3aed2198357f0e3d4590c886a32
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 21:43:02 2023 -0400

    updated config

commit 9ce6eac4f9f241e7ad93e9413ea6dccb2d3583b9
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 21:41:27 2023 -0400

    updated scripts

commit f2635f64b04d648564ba969d4676fc92be111a50
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 17:18:31 2023 -0400

    added more tests

commit 70a892b1ffa1b831a6981d6e99f9b030194f19cc
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 12:05:08 2023 -0400

    added more tests

commit cb45b5b141dfc0c6a3a22bb3aeffe7b840a44723
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 11:33:19 2023 -0400

    refactoring

commit 8fed59857dacbd9277bca141e44a8719c801a8fc
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jun 9 10:19:07 2023 -0400

    refactoring

commit d3a491c0314dc09f21386989f6fd4d70c6e335d7
Author: David Guida <obiuan@gmail.com>
Date:   Thu Jun 8 21:54:13 2023 -0400

    added SQL persistence

readme.md, after:

﻿# SuperSafeBank 

[![SuperSafeBank](https://circleci.com/gh/mizrael/SuperSafeBank.svg?style=shield)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/mizrael/SuperSafeBank)

This repository shows how to implement Event Sourcing, CQRS and DDD in .NET Core, using a Bank as example.

The code has been used as example accompaining a few series of articles on [my personal blog](https://www.davidguida.net): 
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-in-net-core-part-1-a-gentle-introduction/
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-on-azure-part-1-architecture-plan/
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-on-azure-part-2-events-persistence/
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-on-azure-part-3-command-validation/
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-on-azure-part-4-integration-events/
- https://www.davidguida.net/my-event-sourcing-journey-so-far/
- https://www.davidguida.net/event-sourcing-things-to-consider/

An ASP.NET Core API is used as entry-point for all the client-facing operations:
- create customers
- create accounts
- deposit money
- withdraw money

## Infrastructure
The Cloud can be hosted on Azure, using Azure Functions, [Storage Table](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-ca/services/storage/tables/?WT.mc_id=DOP-MVP-5003878) to persist Events and Materialized Views, and [ServiceBus](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-messaging-overview?WT.mc_id=DOP-MVP-5003878) to broadcast the Events.

An "on-premise" version is available as well, which uses
- [EventStore](https://eventstore.com/) or SQLServer can be used as persistence layer for aggregates.
- Kafka to broadcast the integration events
- MongoDb to store the QueryModels used by the API

The on-premise infrastructure can be spin up by simply running `docker-compose up` from the root folder. 

## Give a Star! ⭐️
Did you like this project? Give it a star, fork it, send me a PR or sponsor me!
